README.md, before:

# Bicep workshop 2022-06-16

## Pre-requisites

- Option 1 - Your own computer: VSCode, azure cli, wsl
- Option 2 - Cloud shell 

## Exercise path

Links to labs:

- [Exercise - Define resources in a Bicep template](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/4-exercise-define-resources-bicep-template?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add parameters and variables to your Bicep template](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/6-exercise-add-parameters-variables-bicep-template?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Refactor your template to use modules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/8-exercise-refactor-template-modules?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add parameters and decorators](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-reusable-bicep-templates-parameters/3-exercise-add-parameters-with-decorators?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add a parameter file and secure parameters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-reusable-bicep-templates-parameters/6-exercise-create-use-parameter-files?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Deploy resources conditionally](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-flexible-bicep-templates-conditions-loops/3-exercise-conditions?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Deploy multiple resources by using loops](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-flexible-bicep-templates-conditions-loops/5-exercise-loops?pivots=cli)

Links to Microsoft Learn Collections:

- [Fundamentals of Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/fundamentals-bicep/)
- [Intermediate Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/intermediate-bicep/)
- [Advanced Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/advanced-bicep/)

Commit message:

add custom exercise to readme

README.md, after:

# Bicep workshop 2022-06-16

## Pre-requisites

- Option 1 - Your own computer: VSCode, azure cli, wsl
- Option 2 - Cloud shell 

## Exercise path

Links to labs:

- [Exercise - Define resources in a Bicep template](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/4-exercise-define-resources-bicep-template?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add parameters and variables to your Bicep template](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/6-exercise-add-parameters-variables-bicep-template?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Refactor your template to use modules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-first-bicep-template/8-exercise-refactor-template-modules?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add parameters and decorators](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-reusable-bicep-templates-parameters/3-exercise-add-parameters-with-decorators?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Add a parameter file and secure parameters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-reusable-bicep-templates-parameters/6-exercise-create-use-parameter-files?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Deploy resources conditionally](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-flexible-bicep-templates-conditions-loops/3-exercise-conditions?pivots=cli)
- [Exercise - Deploy multiple resources by using loops](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-flexible-bicep-templates-conditions-loops/5-exercise-loops?pivots=cli)
- [Custom Exercise - Create a storage account and store a key in Key Vault](https://github.com/peterlil/bicep-workshop-202206216/blob/main/create-storage-account-store-keys-in-key-vault.md)

Links to Microsoft Learn Collections:

- [Fundamentals of Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/fundamentals-bicep/)
- [Intermediate Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/intermediate-bicep/)
- [Advanced Bicep](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/advanced-bicep/)
